the match room starts right now
in the penalty area attention to the room
ball on the left who love the ball
on the bottom the occasion for the inter after the
launching to look for room slips
attention room is room only
talk about the two bonazzoni brings into
Inter advantage at first touch in area
of rigor
federico bonazzoli makes no mistake at goal
empty
inter in extremely intelligent advantage the
passage of kamara that renounces the
conclusion to personal glory and goes to
serve bonazzoli who cannot from there
miss center number 8 in the league
not bad for a class 97 fake the shot
room should only rest it inside
bonazzoli who in any case slipped and
with the left the appointment is not missing
with the goal
the recovery begins at this time
puskas dictates the passage even
para morning and paola matti is the ball
outside a puff balloon per room
there is room for gaston that puts it down
with elegance try to open the gas and the
number 7 that will light up again ago
all alone the ball for yao position
adjust the ball said god and then puskas
incredibly missing the goal of 2 to 0
good gaston who puts it down again
room for bonazzoli attention
bonazzoli the ball that spiove bonazzoli
Bonazzoli
the goals
who bonazzoli 2a terrifies everyone in
feet to the facet hyacinth 2000
dynamic jewel donations sombrero a
skip the opponent and then bomb col
left-handed while the ball was coming down
2 to 0 the brace of bonazzoli or goal from
see and review that of the number 9
that launches the challenge to the milan for the
sombrero and left derby on the fly
at the low angle
andy pole position regular polo in
area inside is the ball that remains alive
and it does not go in then arrived yes
rate shooting position stops boxwoods
the square in the arms of lj
attention to room that does it all by itself
in the qamar area aden another account group
room and then the theater of andrea knows me
which goes to finish the slalom worthily
special gaston room that makes out
at least 4 to 6 then stay on the ground
knocked down you are to assist and the beautiful
goal scoring for the 3 to 0 that closes
definitely the match
but how many room 123 and then manages to give
avoiding the fourth opponent the ball
amira filter that does honor to his
surname and puts it where it cannot
get there and give it in the meantime it arrives
raul's goal on the ninetieth first goal
in season 3 to 1 it is fate that not
we can finish a game with
peacefully forgotten tranquility
from our rao rear can't
make it all wrong and launch practically
forward the ball at the height of
diskette and the 32
credible once again the plug
detached 3 to 2 from by up
he found himself completely alone in the area
of rigor towards and launch at 10 seconds
to dream the incredible ends 3 to 2
for the inter channel test only 4
euros for seven days and then you're free
to decide whether to subscribe to buy
for all information , press the key
first row of your remote control
go to sky.it or call 19 9 11 44 00
try inter channel and then choose sky
free to